welcome back everyone today we are going
to take a look at 2019 american drama
horror film called funhouse billionaire
nero alexander casually sits in his
chair leg on leg looking at a phone in
his hand as a woman bashes another with
a baseball bat she stops and looks at
him but nero urges her to continue she
pleads with him to stop but he states
that she must complete the task the
woman grabs a knife and starts furiously
stabbing the corpse she rips its heart
out putting it on a tray and lays it at
the sadists feet he watches her
chuckling the woman collapses on the
floor and starts bawling on nero's order
his guard puts a suitcase filled with
money in the woman's arms and takes her
away after that nero starts scrolling
through an article on his phone showing
top 10 fails at fame
casper norden a man from a fail at fame
list awakens in a strange dimly lit room
and starts observing his surroundings
wearing a baffled expression on his face
he finds a welcome card near his pillow
as he grabs it a voice through the
speakers welcomes him to the fur cow's
house of fun and instructs him to get
dressed and go to the common room a
flashback shows his advisor telling him
about a new reality show casper says he
doesn't want to participate but his
advisor insists he joins saying this
could be his key to fame and success
casper goes outside and sees a few
others there more people slowly pull out
to the common room seemingly just as
confused as him it's revealed that they
too one day woke up at this house not
having a single clue how they got there
a screen at the front turns on welcoming
them to the fun house where they'll be
broadcasted live throughout the world
the contestants are introduced oola an
instagram model headstone a wrestler cat
an actress dex a rapper lonnie a dating
show host nevin a youtuber xemna a
hazing website owner and casper the
ex-husband of a pop star after the
introductions zinma apologizes to lonnie
and casper who were the victims of her
hazing but a fence has already been
taken
an animated panda appears on screen and
introduced itself as fur cuss and
explains that every three days the
viewer's vote will decide who leaves
until a winner is chosen if two
contestants end up at the bottom as a
tie they will face a challenge that will
decide who stays zimna asks about the
cameras ferkis says they're hidden all
around the house and the videos will be
blurred while they're in the shower
however they can choose to remove the
blur feature nevin declares he's
claustrophobic but furcus says he's
confined to the house since the terms
were made clear in the contract furcus
leaves after this as the others clap for
him the contestants start enjoying their
time at the house singing swimming and
fooling games friends are made while
oola and headstone start dating every
day they're taken to a confession room
to speak live to the viewers people on
television and youtube start commenting
on this new reality show in the first
few days casper immediately bonds with
lonnie they talk about their past tv
shows both of which unfortunately ended
in failure headstone joins them in lani
soon's leaves after a bit of chatter
with casper headstone teaches him a few
lines his dad used to say while making a
toast they both stay the lines and drink
three days later furcus reveals the
votes through the screen with oola at
the top and lonnie and nevin at the
bottom firecast remarks that removing
the blur feature in the shower must have
done oola some good since lonnie and
nevin have a tie it's time for their
challenge which is announced to be a
pinata party the others laugh as the
easy peasy challenge and the two are
escorted to the challenge room by the
fun house helper zimna attacks oola
strategy saying she used her body to
gain more views as a result the women
end up in a heated argument the
contestants are shown lonnie through the
glass as their challenge begins a pinata
is lowered next to her and her vision is
blocked however once she's unable to see
the pinata is pulled up and a bound and
gagged nevin is lowered right next to
her the others freak out and start
yelling and banging at the room's door
but to no avail lonnie starts
unknowingly beating nevin with the
baseball the other's watching horror as
he slowly and torturously meets his
demise lonnie is then told to remove her
goggles she looks at the battered corpse
of nevin and collapses bawling her eyes
out it is revealed that furcus is
controlled by nero he explains the
horrified contestants that only one of
them will leave the funhouse alive if
anyone tries to escape he or she will be
given the most painful death the
comments of a youtuber on the show
reveal that the fun house is being
considered a staged show people can't
seem to believe they witnessed the live
torture while shaken contestants are
sitting in the common room dex remarks
they need to escape casper reminds him
what farkas says but the frustrated desk
refuses to think rationally after seeing
the sky through the glass of plant's
area he breaks the glass and gets inside
despite the other's warnings however as
soon as he steps in the sky which turns
out to be a projected image disappears
to reveal a roof nero's workers appear
bearing guns to take decks away when he
refuses to go they shoot him in the leg
and take him the others are made to
watch as a bound dex is put in a drum
and strong acid is poured into it deck
screams in agony as his flesh and bones
start dissolving into the acid the media
now realizes that the fur house is
indeed a sadistic torture chamber but
others still present their theories of
drama for ratings dex is pulled up to
show the others his lower half fully
dissolved the others look in horror as
his innards hanging from what's left of
his body farkas appears on screen and
tells him to learn from dex's punishment
when the contestants go to the
confession room next instead of
cheerfully asking for votes they cry and
beg for them on live tv darla casper's
famous ex-wife talks about his harmless
and sweet personality begging fergus to
stop the game but the sadist is nothing
but entertained by her pleas while
drinking together the contestants ask
casper about darla he tells them his
story how he met her instantly fell in
love with her and married her while the
others look in awe headstone cuts a joke
making them all laugh oolo remarks
they're not in a situation to laugh
which zymna says they can't sleep and
cry all day like her funcus appears and
tells him the scores from the most
recent votes this time cat seems to be
on top while ula and zimna have ended up
at the bottom oola shows her
disappointment at ending up with the
same score as ximna zemna gets enraged
and starts yelling at her furcast
announces blind rage as their next
challenge as the minions appear and take
the girls away threaten to shoot anyone
who interferes
in the challenge room the girls are
given axes and told that as soon as the
lights turn off they'll have to fight
blindly until one of them dies the
lights are then cut but the others are
shown the competition through night
vision the girls start swinging their
axes but ullah soon drops hers while
crying she gets on all fours looking for
her axe as furious zimna swings her axe
around viciously oola finds her axe and
swings at zimnah whose cursing makes her
positions much predictable thus
splitting her head in half after this
oola gets desperate for views believing
her body to be her only weapon she again
displays it nero appears to be greatly
amused by her desperation an i.t expert
on the television explains that through
numerous tour and onion connections the
game hosts have protected their location
moreover the live broadcast cannot be
prevented since the host uses onion
routing casper awakens in the middle of
the night after hearing a crash he goes
outside to see headstone passed out on
the floor he tries to get him to bed but
is unable to after he covers him with a
blanket oola calls him to her seeing her
extremely depressed casper carries her
to her room when he lays her down she
requests him to stay she asks him to
make love to her saying it might give
them enough votes and kisses him but
casper politely refuses headstone
notices their proximity from the door
and barges in before grabbing casper by
the neck when lonnie intervenes
headstone lets him go and leave seething
in anger the next day funkist reveals
the new votes for them due to his
kindness casper had made it to the top
while ula has ended at the bottom
funkist remarks that the viewers got
bored of oola's lewd displays which was
evident given there's so much variety
just to click away greatly disturbed
oola cries and talks about her life
where everyone has always treated her
like an object and only liked her for
her body fun cups collapsed at her heart
touching speech but says it's a little
too late to be authentic now ullah has
taken to the challenge room and her
challenge is announced forget me not
where she has to match a pair of her
instagram photos in under 2 minutes as
the countdown begins she hurley starts
looking through her photos she gets
close to victory however when the timer
runs out she still has two pairs to
match funkist declares that she now has
to spin a wheel to choose her fate the
dark parts represent a painful death
through different torture methods while
the white parts represent a quick bullet
to the head upon landing on a golden
part her challenge will be passed on to
the next contestant with the lowest
votes and she'll be safe he then tells
her to spin saying if she doesn't he'll
choose a torture method for her ulla
approaches the wheel and spins it which
unfortunately lands on a black part the
rack as a minion approaches her ula
jumps at him and bites into his neck and
rage however another one knocks her out
using the rear of his gun when she
awakens she finds herself spread-eagled
on the ground with her limbs bound the
stretching soon starts making her scream
in agony and her limbs are slowly ripped
apart the next day the contestants are
given gifts pictures of theirs with
their loved ones they start crying as
realization dawns on them that they'll
never see their family again casper has
given a photo of him with darla since
his parents had died a long time ago in
an accident while headstone is given one
with his daughter while casper is
sitting by the pool crying lonnie
approaches him he tells her that it'll
make no difference if he lives or dies
nobody awaits him at his house and he'll
always be known as darla's ex-husband
lonnie however tells him that his life
does matter casper says he owes her an
explanation about oola but lonnie stops
him saying she doesn't feel right
talking about her in another show darla
talks about her life with casper and
declares she'll always love him
when the votes are revealed next casper
turns out to be the top while headstone
ends up at the bottom before leading
headstone to his death room funkes shows
him the video of ola and casper thus
revealing how ullah was the one that
offered and casper refused guilty
headstone apologizes to casper
headstone's challenge is then announced
deathmatch four deadly fighters are
shown on the screen and the audience is
given the right to choose his opponent
via voting the voting begins people all
around the world excitedly vote the most
vicious killer treating the contestants
lives as worthless game the fighter
called bottis is chosen at the end the
contestants make a toast to headstone
and he's led to the challenge room his
confession from earlier is shown where
he tells his daughter she's all that
matters to him and that is his life as
he leaves a chair we're brought back to
the challenge room where bodus enters
the room funkist tastes the rules they
have to fight until one dies headstone
leads the first punch taking the lead as
the fight progresses he beats bodus up
maintaining a lead however soon bodus
gets in the spirit and lands a few blows
the fight ends as headstone grabs bodus
by the neck and holds him down until he
suffocates to death the other
contestants cheer at his triumph unable
to believe he won but nero soon replaces
smiles on their faces with fear he lets
the other three fighters into the room
saying headstone must take them all at
once realizing his death is now evident
headstone tells nero he'll await him in
hell he then looks at casper through the
glass and start reciting the lines he
taught him earlier they say the rhyme
line by line before headstone goes face
to face with the fighters and eventually
is beaten to death as casper sits in the
common room brooding funka suddenly
appears asking what he's thinking casper
tells him he's wondering what kind of
person he must be to gain the pleasure
by watching innocent people die
nero tells him that these people are
useless failures who have been brought
to fame without talent or struggle
people like scientists and inventors
actually deserve the fame these failures
get casper remarks there must be more
indicating nero must have faced trauma
in his life and he's doing this to get
back at the world nero tells him he's
doing it to cleanse the world of their
sickness so that people may start
focusing on the people who actually
matter he adds he's entertaining people
since it's human nature to love death
and violence as lonnie appears narrow
declares he'll stop third wheeling and
leaves
casper tells lonnie that he's glad he
got a chance to know her lonnie says she
feels the same but she wishes she met
him at a grocery store instead after
this exchange the two end up in bed
spending the night in heated passion cat
also puts on a show for the audience
pleasuring herself while looking
straight into the camera the next
morning the votes reveal that casper has
maintained his position on the top while
cat has ended in last place fergus
announces cat's challenge the chess
master while cat is playing against nero
aided by his minion the fbi managed to
track the funhouse location through the
connections nero soon checkmate's cat
defeating her she's then taken to the
wheel to decide her fate when she spins
it lands on past the buck the golden
area that means she's in the safe zone
and her challenge shall pass on to the
next contestant with the lowest votes
the minions go to get lonnie but casper
holds her back he begs nero to let him
take her place after a bit of hesitation
nero agrees to let him take her place as
casper is taken to the challenge room
the fbi are seen approaching the
funhouse funkes declares pistols at dawn
to be casper's challenge when the screen
turns off casper only sees cat at the
other side and freaks out nero remarks
that he makes the rules and thus
casper's next challenge is against
lonnie he gives them pistols and tells
him to stand back to back walk 10 paces
turn around and shoot if they choose not
to comply he says he'll lock lonnie up
as steel cowl and force casper to eat
her the two of them stand back to back
and start stepping forward on nero's
instructions as they turn and point
their guns at each other the fbi reached
an opening marked by the funhouse logo
they opened it to see the severed heads
of the dead contestants around a bear
holding a bomb they realize they've been
fooled and walk away casper and lonnie
nod to each other while holding the guns
they put the guns to their chins and
pulled the trigger committing suicide
together nero thus announces cat as the
winner a disheveled cat comes up a road
amidst the woods and flags a car as a
voice in the back declares she was found
safe and sound the fbi questioned her to
gain information about fur cuts
whereabouts but the clueless girl sits
through the mall with an emotionless
face while he's playing the piano at his
house nero turns to see cat standing
behind him he approaches her and they
both start making out cat remarks that
next time she won't let him win the
chess match thus indicating the fate of
the show had been decided since the very
beginning
thanks for watching guys